Hi there, this is the fourth video of
performance pc series
This is our power unit for powerful
computer need a powerful power supply a
put and 1 kilowatt from the company
thermaltake called thermaltake
tr2 rx
1000 watts is a bronze block series
Power professional gamers can
put and gold and even a new dress
a series but we have enough of it all
choose the power supply as well as set
memory is not enough but a lot will just
overpayment of money must be taken with a margin
about 50 watts count it just
the video card consumes about 400 500
watts of energy is the newest on the site
manufacturer can find out the processor
about 100 watts the rest is already
Winchester cooler only turns out
that 500 + 100 plus 100 equals 700 margin
it's about 750 but everyone has their own stock
power and later I will tell why
need such a power supply itself black
matt with all possible cables
Standard and from 24 x house to unpack
inside we have this instruction
This apparently warranty card
Immediately remove the left side of us
there is a power cord in
such a black thermal bag
Velcro take we are all
cables
so the power supply itself is black matte
standard from and the fan is mounted on
140 millimeters
1800 rpm most
males as I have already shown comes off
and excess can be removed in a handbag
embedded cables installed major
this is powering the motherboard 24 ping and
processor power 8 pints and 2 x 4
cable length is great for
placing the power supply from the bottom to the word i
I am looking for ordered a pair of wires extension for
small modding they look
something like this they will be all black
colors
Well, let's see how they will look at
our body as for the text about
widows that we had a set of 6 pin
write 3 8 pins too 3 8 pins on
processor 1 15-pin us from 8 pieces 4
pin for processor 1 and 2 incomprehensible
I have connectors that have not long ago
this is 4 pin for the flop 1 and
4 pin 18 and incomprehensible pieces there
the end unfortunately that's all
wait, of course, new videos further everything
do not forget the most interesting for this
subscribe to the channel
click here like button
Naturally tell your friends to
friends have looked you all well bye everyone
good luck